docs/examples.rst, before:

.. role:: bolditalic
   :class: bolditalic

.. role:: bold
   :class: bold

.. role:: italic
   :class: italic

========
Examples
========

There are two example scripts that come with quantumGrid: :bolditalic:`ecs_femdvr_time_indep_h2` for a time independent calculation and :bolditalic:`ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2` for a time dependent calculation. Once quantumGrid is installed in your local environment, these scripts can be called without typing "python".

ecs_femdvr_time_indep_h2
------------------------

For time-independent potential, this example implements Exterior
Complex Scaling on the FEM-DVR contour.  The value of R0 and the
complex scale factor :math:`e^{I*theta}` are specified.  The representation
of the potential must be able to be evaluated on the complex part
of the contour.

Example:
   Finds all eigenvalues of complex scaled Hamiltonian and
   plots any one of them, specified by n_Plot

Args:
  1) want_to_plot (bool): Optional command that turns on plotting; default is false.

Potentials defined here:
  I) Morse potential for :math:`H_2`
  II) Bernstein fit of Kolos and Wolneiwicz potential with :math:`\frac{1}{R^6}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^8}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^{10}}` asymptotic behavior -- Gives near spectroscopic accuracy used in :cite:`TURNER1982127`, results there are reproduced by this code.

ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2
------------------------

Finds all eigenvalues of complex scaled :math:`H_2` Hamiltonian
for nuclear motion plots any one of them, specified by n_Plot
Then starts a Gaussian packet in the well (e.g. with :math:`j=17`)
and follows it as it separates into a part that is bound in
the well and a part that dissociates and vanishes on the ECS
contour.

Args:
  1) number_of_time_intervals (int): First command line argument. Number of time intervals to perform the Crank-Nicolson propagation; defaults to 300.
  2) time_step (int): Second command line argument. Time step in the propagator to relax or restrict the calculation as needed; defaults to 0.1 atu.
  3) want_to_plot (bool): Optional command that turns on plotting; default is false.
  4) want_to_animate (bool): Optional command that turns on animation; default is false.

Potentials defined here:
   I) Morse potential for :math:`H_2`
   II) Bernstein fit of Kolos and Wolneiwicz potential with :math:`\frac{1}{R^6}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^8}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^{10}}` asymptotic behavior -- Gives near spectroscopic accuracy used in :cite:`TURNER1982127`, results there are reproduced by this code.

Modifying Scripts
-----------------

The actual names of these two example scripts are ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_indep_vibration_H2.py and ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_dep_vibration_H2.py. If quantumgrid was installed using the conda instruction then the scripts should be in :italic:`/Anaconda/envs/YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME/lib/python3.7/site-packages/quantumgrid`. If you are in a Unix environment then you can simply find them with the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    $ locate ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_dep_vibration_H2

Once found you can modify your script however you like!

References
----------

.. bibliography:: _static/refs_examples.bib
  :style: unsrt

Commit message:

changed dir example to quantumgrid_examples

docs/examples.rst, after:

.. role:: bolditalic
   :class: bolditalic

.. role:: bold
   :class: bold

.. role:: italic
   :class: italic

========
Examples
========

There are two example scripts that come with quantumGrid: :bolditalic:`ecs_femdvr_time_indep_h2` for a time independent calculation and :bolditalic:`ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2` for a time dependent calculation. Once quantumGrid is installed in your local environment, these scripts can be called without typing "python". To see command line options for both scripts, just the help command:

.. code-block:: console

    $ ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2 --help

For example, to turn on plotting for the time independent example run the script with the plotting option:

.. code-block:: console

    $ ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2 --want_to_plot=True


ecs_femdvr_time_indep_h2
------------------------

For time-independent potential, this example implements Exterior
Complex Scaling on the FEM-DVR contour.  The value of R0 and the
complex scale factor :math:`e^{I*theta}` are specified.  The representation
of the potential must be able to be evaluated on the complex part
of the contour.

Example:
   Finds all eigenvalues of complex scaled Hamiltonian and
   plots any one of them, specified by n_Plot

Args:
  1) want_to_plot (bool): Optional command that turns on plotting; default is false.

Potentials defined here:
  I) Morse potential for :math:`H_2`
  II) Bernstein fit of Kolos and Wolneiwicz potential with :math:`\frac{1}{R^6}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^8}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^{10}}` asymptotic behavior -- Gives near spectroscopic accuracy used in :cite:`TURNER1982127`, results there are reproduced by this code.

ecs_femdvr_time_dep_h2
------------------------

Finds all eigenvalues of complex scaled :math:`H_2` Hamiltonian
for nuclear motion plots any one of them, specified by n_Plot
Then starts a Gaussian packet in the well (e.g. with :math:`j=17`)
and follows it as it separates into a part that is bound in
the well and a part that dissociates and vanishes on the ECS
contour.

Args:
  1) number_of_time_intervals (int): First command line argument. Number of time intervals to perform the Crank-Nicolson propagation; defaults to 300.
  2) time_step (int): Second command line argument. Time step in the propagator to relax or restrict the calculation as needed; defaults to 0.1 atu.
  3) want_to_plot (bool): Optional command that turns on plotting; default is false.
  4) want_to_animate (bool): Optional command that turns on animation; default is false.

Potentials defined here:
   I) Morse potential for :math:`H_2`
   II) Bernstein fit of Kolos and Wolneiwicz potential with :math:`\frac{1}{R^6}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^8}`, :math:`\frac{1}{R^{10}}` asymptotic behavior -- Gives near spectroscopic accuracy used in :cite:`TURNER1982127`, results there are reproduced by this code.

Modifying Scripts
-----------------

The actual names of these two example scripts are ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_indep_vibration_H2.py and ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_dep_vibration_H2.py. If you downloaded the source package from github, then these examples are in the examples directory. If quantumgrid was installed using the conda instruction then the scripts should be in :italic:`/Anaconda/envs/YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_NAME/lib/python3.7/site-packages/quantumgrid_examples`. If you are in a Unix environment then you can simply find them with the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    $ locate ECS_FEMDVR_diatomic_time_dep_vibration_H2

At any rate, once found you can modify your script however you like!

References
----------

.. bibliography:: _static/refs_examples.bib
  :style: unsrt
