docs/readme.rst, before:

About
=====
TODO: Go into details!!!

quantumGrid is a package for solving a 1-D Schrödinger equation for an
arbitrary potential.

Motivation
==========

This python package was created for a graduate course in time-dependent
quantum mechanics at UC Davis. Given the generality and usefulness of a
Finite Element Method - Discrete Variable Representation (FEM-DVR) grid
for solving the Schrödinger equation and simple scattering problems, we
wanted to go open source and provide this numerical tool for others in
the name of science!


For time propagation, we recommend using Intel optimized libraries.
Using the Crank-Nicolson propagator does enforce unitarity but is
relatively slow. This link walks through the setup:

Contributors ✨
===============

Thanks goes to these wonderful people (`emoji
key <https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key>`__):

.. raw:: html

   <table>

.. raw:: html

   <tr>

.. raw:: html

   </tr>

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="https://chemistry.ucdavis.edu/people/william-mccurdy">
   <img src="_static/images/Bills_pic.jpg" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Willaim (Bill) McCurdy 💻 🚧 📖

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/zachary-streeter-44a323102/">
   <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/15461329?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Zachary Streeter💻 🚧 📖

.. raw:: html

   </td>

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="http://giuseppe.barbalinardo.com">
   <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6192485?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Giuseppe Barbalinardo💻

.. raw:: html

   </td>

.. raw:: html

   </tr>

.. raw:: html

   </table>

This project follows the
`all-contributors <https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors>`__
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

documentation is solid. Need to setup up pypi

docs/readme.rst, after:

About
=====
quantumGrid is a package for solving a 1-D Schrödinger equation for an
arbitrary potential on any interval. The heart of this package is using
a Finite Element Method with a Discrete Variable Representation
(FEM-DVR) grid to solve the time-dependent or time-independent
Schrödinger equation. This grid provides a compact supported foundation
for numerically accurate integration and also allows for a natural
application of outgoing scattering boundary conditions by adding a complex
tail as the last finite element of the FEM-DVR grid, called *exterir
complex scaling* (ECS). Therefore, this grid can be applied to
scattering problems where the resonances become square integrable
under this complex rotation of the Hamiltonian.


Motivation
==========

This python package was created for a graduate course in time-dependent
quantum mechanics at UC Davis. Given the generality and usefulness of a
Finite Element Method - Discrete Variable Representation (FEM-DVR) grid
for solving the Schrödinger equation and simple scattering problems, we
wanted to go open source and provide this numerical tool for others in
the name of science!

Contributors ✨
===============

Thanks goes to these wonderful people (`emoji
key <https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key>`__):

.. raw:: html

   <table>

.. raw:: html

   <tr>

.. raw:: html

   </tr>

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="https://chemistry.ucdavis.edu/people/william-mccurdy">
   <img src="_static/images/Bills_pic.jpg" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Willaim (Bill) McCurdy 💻 🚧 📖

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/zachary-streeter-44a323102/">
   <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/15461329?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Zachary Streeter💻 🚧 📖

.. raw:: html

   </td>

.. raw:: html

   <td align="center">
   <a href="http://giuseppe.barbalinardo.com">
   <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6192485?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/>

Giuseppe Barbalinardo💻

.. raw:: html

   </td>

.. raw:: html

   </tr>

.. raw:: html

   </table>

This project follows the
`all-contributors <https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors>`__
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
